[docs][recipes] Added a recipe for StaticQuery and useStaticQuery (#15079)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/recipes.md

## Querying data

> ### StaticQuery

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### The StaticQuery Component
```

`StaticQuery` lets you query data from non-page components.

#### Directions

> 1. You must provide the `query` and the `render` props for the `StaticQuery` component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The `StaticQuery` Component requires two render props: `query` and `render`.
```

```jsx:title=src/components/NonPageComponent.js
import React from "react"
import { StaticQuery, graphql } from "gatsby"

const NonPageComponent = () => (
  <StaticQuery
    query={graphql`
      query NonPageQuery {
        site {
          siteMetadata {
            title
          }
        }
      }
    `}
    render={data => (
      <h1>
        Querying title from NonPageComponent with StaticQuery:
        {data.site.siteMetadata.title}
      </h1>
    )}
  />
)

export default NonPageComponent
```

> 2. You can now use this component as you would any other component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. You can now use this component as you would [any other component](/docs/building-with-components#non-page-components).
```
I think a "non-page component" section of this page would be a great addition, and we could link to it here (I've added the link in the suggestion ahead of time). https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/building-with-components/

I'll file an issue for it, since that page sort-of drops off after Page and Page Template Components. If you're interested in working on it, we'd love a contribution! But it's not required as part of this PR.

Reviewer 2: This section would be nice. 

Also the first usage of the „non page component“ above should link to this section

> ### The useStaticQuery hook

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Querying data with the useStaticQuery hook
```

> Since Gatsby v2.1.0 you can use `useStaticQuery` to query data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since Gatsby v2.1.0, you can use the `useStaticQuery` hook to query data with a JavaScript function instead of a component.
```
Combining the sentence from below for brevity and adding a few more details

> The `useStaticQuery` is a React Hook. All the [Rules of Hooks](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-rules.html) apply.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> It takes your GraphQL query and returns the requested data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> #### Requirements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
####  Prerequisites
```
Now that I'm seeing this new format take shape, I think "prerequisites" is more open-ended than "requirements". It means we can list things for people to be aware of, but not make it sound like they're required to complete every item. React comes bundled with Gatsby so it won't have to be installed separately, and the Rules of React Hooks are important but not explicitly required if we set this recipe up well.

I'll update the recipe template to reflect this!

> - React and ReactDOM 16.8.0 or later installed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- React and ReactDOM 16.8.0 or later (keeping Gatsby updated handles this)
- The [Rules of React Hooks](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-rules.html)
```
Moving the recommendation from above to keep things succinct! You can remove lines 156/158.

> You'll need React and ReactDOM 16.8.0 or later installed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- React and ReactDOM 16.8.0 or later installed
```

The requirements section is a bulleted list so I think those could read as a fragment rather than a sentence, thanks for making these changes!

#### Directions

> Let's refactor the previous example to use `useStaticQuery`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `useStaticQuery` hook is a JavaScript function that takes a GraphQL query and returns the requested data. 
```
Not depending on the previous example will make these more modular, in case we ever move them around or change them. But we can touch on the difference again here. Also, leaving out "let's" will align better with the [Gatsby Style Guide](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/contributing/gatsby-style-guide/#use-you-as-the-pronoun).

> 1. Import `useStaticQuery` and `graphql` from `gatsby` in order to use the hook query the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Import `useStaticQuery` and `graphql` from `gatsby` in order to use the hook query the data.

2. In the start of a stateless functional component, assign a variable to the value of `useStaticQuery` with your `graphql` query passed as an argument.

3. In the JSX code returned from your component, you can reference that variable to handle the returned data.
```

We should describe each step here, but I think it's fine to have one code block after the 3 steps. I don't think it would help cognition enough to show it piece by piece for how long that would end up.

```jsx:title=src/components/NonPageComponent.js
import React from "react"
import { useStaticQuery, graphql } from "gatsby"

const NonPageComponent = () => {
  const data = useStaticQuery(graphql`
    query NonPageQuery {
      site {
        siteMetadata {
          title
        }
      }
    }
  `)
  return (
    <h1>
      Querying title from NonPageComponent: {data.site.siteMetadata.title}
    </h1>
  )
}

export default NonPageComponent
```

#### Additional resources

- [More on Static Query for querying data in components](/docs/static-query/)
- [The difference between a static query and a page query](/docs/static-query/#how-staticquery-differs-from-page-query)

> - [More on the useStaticQuery hook](/docs/use-static-query/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [More on the useStaticQuery hook](/docs/use-static-query/)
- [Visualize your data with GraphiQL](/docs/introducing-graphiql/)
```

This might help unstick a few people who are new to GraphQL!

- Read through a conceptual guide on [querying data with GraphQL in Gatsby](/docs/querying-with-graphql/)
- Learn more about the `graphql` tag -- [querying data in a Gatsby page](/docs/page-query/)
- Learn more about `<StaticQuery />` -- [querying data in (non-page) components](/docs/static-query/)

> - Learn about [querying data in non-page components](/docs/querying-data-components)

Reviewer 2: I would add here also the StaticQuery and useStaticQuery keywords

Reviewer: @muescha what do you mean by keywords? Also, that change is going away if you read through the PR.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Learn about [Use StaticQuery and useStaticQuery hook in non-page components](/docs/querying-data-components)
```

Reviewer 2: if there was a link then the full title should show up in the link text

Reviewer 2: but this change is going away so i can resolve the conversation
